https://pskenny.github.io/feed.xml
https://hnrss.org/newest?points=100                   news # Hacker News
https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/top.rss?t=week   news # Programming subreddit

# Blogs/Magazines
https://feeds2.feedburner.com/typepad/krisdedecker/lowtechmagazineenglish blogmag # Lowtech Magazine
http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/rss.xml                                    blogmag # Lambda The Ulitmate

https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml                              blog # Luke Smith
http://johnsalvatier.org/feed.xml                          blog # John Salvatier
https://martinfowler.com/feed.atom                         blog # Matin Fowler
https://beepb00p.xyz/rss.xml                               blog # karlicoss
https://www.schneier.com/blog/atom.xml                     blog # Bruce Schneier
https://jvns.ca/atom.xml                                   blog # Julia Evans
https://www.gwern.net/docs/personal/rss-subscriptions.opml blog # Gwern
http://worrydream.com/feed.xml                             blog # Bret Victor
https://blog.jessfraz.com/index.xml                        blog # Jessie Frazelle
https://jcs.org/rss                                        blog # Joshua Stein
https://jameshfisher.com/feed.xml                          blog # James Fisher
https://fasterthanli.me/index.xml                          blog # Amos
https://sparktoro.com/blog/feed/                           blog # Casey Henry & Rand Fishkin
https://blog.codinghorror.com/rss/                         blog # Coding Horror
https://brandur.org/articles.atom                          blog # Brandur
https://www.coderscat.com/feed                             blog # Nick Chen
https://danluu.com/atom.xml                                blog # Danluu
https://www.simongilbert.net/rss/                          blog # Simon Gilbert
https://nullprogram.com/feed/                              blog # Chris Wellons
https://www.overcomingbias.com/feed                        blog # Overcoming Bias
https://stratechery.com/daily-update/podcast/              blog # Ben Thompson
https://jeremykun.com/feed/                                blog # Jeremy Kun
https://feeds.feedburner.com/acko/GMkJ                     blog # Steven Wittens
https://drewdevault.com/blog/index.xml                     blog # Drew
https://www.nayuki.io/rss20.xml                            blog # Nayuki
https://catonmat.net/feed                                  blog # Peter
https://research.swtch.com/feed.atom                       blog # Russ Cox
https://cprimozic.net/rss.xml                              blog # Casey Primozic's Blog
https://scottaaronson.blog/?feed=rss2                      blog # Scott Aaronson
https://simonwillison.net/atom/everything/                 blog # Simon Willison
